Let’s bring in Lynda LaCasse, the former
neighbor of Tara Reade, who has accused Democratic
presidential candidate Joe Biden of sexual
assault.
Tara Reade accused him in 1993.
We just played the clip of Tara describing
what happened.
Lynda LaCasse came forward just recently in
the Business Insider piece and has corroborated
Tara Reade’s account.
Lynda, this is your first time speaking on
television about this.
Can you tell us what happened in the mid-1990s?
How did you know Tara?
And then tell us what she told you and why
you’re coming forward today.
Well, Tara was my next-door neighbor.
I moved into the apartment right next to her,
and we became close at that time.
And we actually — she told me about it when
we were having a conversation.
And so, as Rich put forth in the article in
the Business Insider, I was having a moment
— I was outside, and I had just received
some papers, and I was upset about them.
And she came over.
And we were talking about violence, because
I had experienced violence myself.
And she started telling me about Joe Biden
and what he had done.
And basically, she told me that he put his
— he put her up against a wall, and he put
his hand up her skirt, and he put his fingers
inside her.
And she was very distraught, and she was very
upset, and she was crying.
And that’s how that conversation happened.
We were just sitting on my front stoop in
front of my apartment.
And what year was this that you had that conversation?
Well, it was either 1994 or very early — yeah,
I’m sorry, 1995 or early 1996.
And, Lynda, if you could talk about your response
at the time?
She told you — did she tell you it was Senator
Biden who she had worked for?
She did.
She did tell me that.
And, you know, I really didn’t pay that
much attention at the time.
I didn’t really care much about politics.
I didn’t — I knew she worked for him.
I didn’t know really who he was much.
I didn’t put that much importance on it.
So…
So, can you talk about why you’ve decided
to come forward now?
I understand you’re a Biden supporter.
Is that right?
That’s correct.
I’m a strong, lifelong Democrat, and I am
a Biden supporter.
And, you know, I didn’t know about — I
didn’t know about all the stuff that was
going on in the news.
She told me about it last month.
She called me, and she told me that she had
decided to come forward with it.
And I said — and she told me about the allegations.
And I said, “Oh, yes, I remember that.”
So, then we talked again a little over a week
ago, and I volunteered to come forward.
And again, you know, I’ve worked so much,
I hadn’t really had time to pay as much
attention as I could have.
But I did volunteer to come forward.
And the reason I volunteered to come forward
is just I feel that the truth needs to be
told, and her truth needs to be told.
I believed her back then, when she told me,
and I believe her now.
And just talk about how you mesh believing
her now, that she was sexually assaulted by
her boss, by Senator Joe Biden — that’s
her allegation — if you believe her, why
you support him.
It’s a difficult thing.
I’ve always supported him.
And I just have to keep supporting him now.
And it’s a little bit harder now, after
this allegation.
I’m a definite anti-Trumper, so I’m having
a little bit of a hard time with it.
So, but mostly it’s an anti-Trump thing.
And, you know, I saw him on Morning Joe this
morning, and he looks very believable, too.
But I’m hearing this today, and I heard
Tara a long time ago telling me that.
So, I’m struggling with it, with the election
now.
But I’m not — I’m still going to vote
for him.